Update openai docs (#18934)
DataDog/integrations-core: openai/README.md

## Overview

Monitor, troubleshoot, and evaluate your LLM-powered applications, such as chatbots or data extraction tools, using [OpenAI][1]. With LLM Observability, you can investigate the root cause of issues, monitor operational performance, and evaluate the quality, privacy, and safety of your LLM applications.

[LLM Obs tracing view video][16]

Get cost estimation, prompt and completion sampling, error tracking, performance metrics, and more out of [OpenAI][1] account-level, Python, Node.js, and PHP library requests using Datadog metrics, APM, and logs.

## Setup
<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "API Key" xxx -->

<!-- xxx tabs xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Python" xxx -->

**Note**: This setup method does not collect `openai.api.usage.*` metrics. To collect these metrics, also follow the API key setup instructions.
**Note**: This setup method only collects `openai.api.usage.*` metrics. To collect all metrics provided by this integration, also follow the APM setup instructions.

### Installation

> #### Web: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics

Reviewer: why did we remove this? This also shows up on the tile right? 

We want to keep this with a slight change: `#### API Key: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics`

Author: You mentioned that the api section should be the only place that contains api key instructions.
The tile uses custom code independent of the setup instructions here. So this only impacts the public docs.

Reviewer: Ok that makes senses, thought this would also update the tile.  

Is this the PR for the tile changes? https://github.com/DataDog/web-ui/pull/165662/files If so, I don't see any updates to there related to API Key. Both the docs and the tile should mirror each other.

6. Enter an account name and OpenAI API key copied above in the accounts configuration.
7. If you use [Cloud Cost Management][14] and enable collecting cost data, it will be visible in Cloud Cost Management within 24 hours. ([collected data][15])

### Configuration

> 1. Navigate to the configuration tab inside Datadog [OpenAI integration tile][11].

Reviewer: Can remove, this duplicates steps 5 and 6 above.

<!-- web-ui. Make sure to update the markdown / code there to see any changes take -->
<!-- effect on the tile. -->

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Python" xxx -->

**Note**: This setup method does not collect `openai.api.usage.*` metrics. To collect these metrics, also follow the API key setup instructions.

### Installation

#### LLM Observability: Get end-to-end visibility into your LLM application's calls to OpenAI
You can enable LLM Observability in different environments. Follow the appropriate setup based on your scenario:

##### If you do not have the Datadog Agent:

> 1. Install the `ddtrace` package:
> 
> ```shell
>   pip install ddtrace
> ```

Reviewer 2: Hey @yahya-mouman, these changes look great! As a minor suggestion, when you're nesting a code block inside a step, I find it helpful to indent the code block so it's in line with the rest of the step content. That way, it's much easier for your users to scan through your procedure and see where different steps begin and end. Here's an example:

```suggestion
1. Install the `ddtrace` package:

   ```shell
     pip install ddtrace
   ```
```

2. Start your application with the following command, enabling agentless mode:

```shell

>   DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_AGENTLESS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <your_app>.py

Author: ```suggestion
  DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_AGENTLESS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <YOUR_APP>.py
```

```

##### If you already have the Datadog Agent installed:
1. Make sure the Agent is running and that APM and StatsD are enabled. For example, use the following command with Docker:

```shell
docker run -d \
  --cgroupns host \
  --pid host \
  -v /var/run/docker.sock:/var/run/docker.sock:ro \
  -v /proc/:/host/proc/:ro \
  -v /sys/fs/cgroup/:/host/sys/fs/cgroup:ro \
  -e DD_API_KEY=<DATADOG_API_KEY> \
  -p 127.0.0.1:8126:8126/tcp \
  -p 127.0.0.1:8125:8125/udp \
  -e DD_DOGSTATSD_NON_LOCAL_TRAFFIC=true \
  -e DD_APM_ENABLED=true \
  gcr.io/datadoghq/agent:latest
```

2. Install the `ddtrace` package if it isn't installed yet:

```shell
  pip install ddtrace
```

3. Start your application using the `ddtrace-run` command to automatically enable tracing:

```shell

>    DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <your_app>.py

Author: ```suggestion
   DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME> ddtrace-run python <YOUR_APP>.py
```

```

**Note**: If the Agent is running on a custom host or port, set `DD_AGENT_HOST` and `DD_TRACE_AGENT_PORT` accordingly.

##### If you are running LLM Observability in a serverless environment (AWS Lambda):
1. Install the **Datadog-Python** and **Datadog-Extension** Lambda layers as part of your AWS Lambda setup.
2. Enable LLM Observability by setting the following environment variables:

```shell
   DD_SITE=<YOUR_DATADOG_SITE> DD_API_KEY=<YOUR_API_KEY> DD_LLMOBS_ENABLED=1 DD_LLMOBS_ML_APP=<YOUR_ML_APP_NAME>
```

> **Note**: In serverless environments, Datadog automatically flushes spans at the end of the Lambda function.

Author: ```suggestion
**Note**: In serverless environments, Datadog automatically flushes spans when the Lambda function finishes running.
```

DEBUG:ddtrace.contrib.openai._logging.py:sent 2 logs to 'http-intake.logs.datadoghq.com'
```

<!-- xxz tab xxx -->
<!-- xxx tab "Node.js" xxx -->

**Note**: This setup method does not collect `openai.api.usage.*` metrics. To collect these metrics, also follow the API key setup instructions.

### Installation

> #### Web: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics

Reviewer: Why is this change repeating the above instructions?

Author: In the docs we only have the web section in the python tab
https://docs.datadoghq.com/integrations/openai/?tab=python#setup

Author: So I added it to the other tabs. If you believe it was intentional that we only put it in the first language tab let me know to remove it.

Reviewer: I see. Here's how we should update the public docs in this case:

- Default tab on public docs when page loads should be "API Key"
- The "API Key" instructions should be update to be the ones in the web section of the python tab. (+ keep listed of collected metrics).
- We should update the tile and the docs from "#### Web: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics" to "#### API Key: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics"
- API Key instructions **should only be visible on the** "API Key" tab

Author: > API Key instructions should only be visible on the "API Key" tab

So no Web : in the rest of the language tabs

Reviewer: correct, since those instructions are unrelated to python, php, node.js setups. Biggest change here is making sure "API Key" is the first tab in the docs and selected by default on page load.

### Installation

> #### Web: Get Account-level Usage and Cost Metrics

Reviewer: Same question here.

Author: Answered on the previous one 🆙 🙏
